Welcome To Movie Recall. In Today's video,
we will be going through the 2021 science
fiction, action movie “Free Guy”.
The Movie Shows Ryan Reynolds Aka Deadpool
As A Non Playable Character In Open-world
Video Game Where He Has Powers Same As Avengers
Captain America And Hulk.
It's Time To Recall.
Let's Get Started.
Turn On Subtitles and Spoilers Ahead!
Make sure to give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe for more videos like these.
Have you ever played or heard of Grand Theft
Auto or GTA? The movie takes place in an open-world
desktop video game called Free City, where
players can take part in action-packed missions
like spy jobs or bank robberies in order to
gain money and level up their characters.
The strongest characters in the game are obviously
the ones with sunglasses because they are
controlled by real players. To support the
storyline of the game, the developer also
created non-playable characters or we call
it NPC. An NPC is a character that is not
controlled by a real player, instead it is
programmed to do certain daily activities
in the game. And of course, an NPC cannot
die.
Among the many non-playable characters in
the game, there is Guy, a NPC who is programmed
to be a bank teller in the game and unaware
that his world is a video game. He works and
spends most of his time with his best friend
Buddy, who works as security in the bank.
The pair works in the bank that will always
be robbed by real players and they always
have to play the part of helpless bank employees
as they get robbed.
On the other side, there is a sunglasses character
called Molotov Girl, who is making a deal
with another player for a coordinate of a
safe house that keeps a video that contains
top secret information. Later on, as Guy and
Buddy on their way to home, they suddenly
walk past her. Guy seems surprised as she
sings the song he says his dream girl will
like. He comments on the song, which surprises
the girl because she is used to hearing all
the phrases each NPC has to say. Because of
that, Guy begins to deviate from his programming
and follows where The Molotov Girl goes. But
unfortunately, he is hit by a train, sending
him back to his home and having to start his
boring daily activities again.
The next day, when the robbery takes place
in the bank, Guy sees the girl he met yesterday
and starts to rebel. He tries to fight back
and manages to grab the sunglasses from the
robber. When he puts them on, he finally discovers
many features of the game that supposedly
only appear to real players. He sees a first
aid kit floating. He casually goes near the
kit and looks at a businessman sitting next
to it. Guy points to what looks like nothing
And Ask him if he can see it. the businessman
looks at him like he's crazy and walks off.
Guy takes off the sungalsses and the kit isn't
there. Puts them back on and it is still there,
clear as day. He touches the first aid and
the kit disappears with a glowing light floats
up his body healing all his wounds. While
Walking guy sees a dead player and sees money
floating. Guy appraches the stack of money
and touches it. And the money status bar on
his glassess jumps by two thousand dollars.
Guy Goes to the ATM and checks his balance.
Sure enough - he has TWO THOUSAND more dollars
in his account than he did few minutes ago.
In the real world, Keys and Mouser, who work
at Soonami, a company that runs Free City,
detect Guy's weird activities and suspect
that he is a hacker who uses NPC skin to take
down other players. To resolve the problem,
they decide to go into the game as their avatars
to confront Guy. Then they enter the game
and meets guy who has brought his favourite
shoes with huge amount of money. As they closes
in Guy runs deep into the construction site
and they follows him. Then guy notices a button
on his new shoes which can help him jump far.
Then he presses the button and use it to go
far from them. At first time he loses his
balance because it was his first time. And
he does not know how to control it, and the
same time the police and rabbit was closing
in and starts to fire at him. Guy tries to
run away from there and he learns to control
the shoes. He jumps to the highest level of
the building. Unfortunately his shoes battey
is out. They keep chasing after him. Guy tries
to escape by grabbing onto a wrecking ball,
but he misses and falls. Luckily, he manages
to save himself with a bubble suit. However,
The employees find him and hit him with the
police car, thinking they have taken the “hacker
out for good. Keys feels something strange
as the number of online players did not change
even after they killed him, indicating that
it wasn't a hacker.
Suddenly, an interview of Keys with Millie
in earlier years is displayed, discovering
Keys and Millie are the masterminds behind
the Free City before Antwan, owner of Soonami
Company, stole their original code from Life
Itself game - a game which was originally
developed by Keys and Millie - and used that
code to build Free City franchises. Surprisingly,
Millie is the player behind The Molotov Girl
character. Millie visits Keys and asks him
to help her get evidence of Antwan's crimes
because she knows the proof of their stolen
code is hidden in a safe house, which she
is going to infiltrate while playing as Molotov
Girl.
Later on, Guy approaches Molotov Girl outside
the safe house. The house guards spot them
and start shooting at them, so they have to
flee. Guy offers to help her in her mission,
but it is impossible as he is only at level
1, while she is already at level 195. Guys
then starts taking on missions and pulls off
several heroic acts like returning stolen
money and pulling kids away from traffic.
Because of his uniqueness, players in real
life start to notice him and Guy suddenly
goes viral with his unique nickname called
“The Blue Shirt Guy”. He even shows up
as an answer on one of America's Quiz Show,
Jeopardy. Long story short, he manages to
reach level 102.
The next day, Guy comes to the bank and persuades
Buddy to join him after stealing sunglasses
from a player who is doing a heist mission
at the bank, but Buddy refuses to do so because
he thinks it is too dangerous. Antwan realizes
the popularity of Guy and wants his employees
to keep Guy on the game. Additionally, The
company is also going to launch Free City
2 in two days, despite not being fully coded
and still contains bugs, and he makes it worse
by telling Keys that the game is not backward
compatible with the first game, meaning that
most of the characters will not be able to
be played in the Free City 2.
The Molotov Girl goes back to the safe house
and manages to take the stolen code. But,
she is confronted by the house's guards and
gets cornered. Out of nowhere, suddenly Guy
crashes through on a motorcycle and helps
her to eliminate the guards before escaping
by using a hang glider. After the event, the
two hang out and Guy surprisingly manages
to guess The Molotov Girl's favourite ice
cream flavour, which is bubblegum ice cream.
She is impressed because nobody likes that
flavour and he manages to guess it right.
It's just like Guy knows everything about
this Molotov Girl. They end up kissing before
Millie disconnects from the game. Keys finally
realizes there is something strange about
the codes of the Free City's NPCs. He tells
Millie that Guy is not controlled by a hacker,
instead he is the first living AI which could
be able to decide his own path.This proves
that Antwan has stolen their code and implemented
it to the Free City, because their main idea
for the game was to have the NPCs grow and
develop over time as they adapt, and that
is what Guy has been doing recently. He also
warns Millie that the current world of Free
City will be completely erased when the Free
City 2 is launched, which is 48 hours from
now. Thus, they decide to ask Guy's help.
Millie goes back to the game as Molotov Girl.
She reveals to Guy that he is just a character
in a video game who does not exist in real
life and he will be completely deleted if
he doesn't help Millie. After knowing the
truth, Guy feels so sad and runs to the beach.
There, he realizes that something is hidden
behind the beach and he decides to help the
Molotov Girl.
Guy then asks Buddy to go with him to the
safe house, where the stolen code is kept.
But surprisingly, the guard`s real player
is a big fan of Guy and is very excited to
meet him. He basically lets Guy rob him and
take what he wants, even asking Guy to kill
him, but Guy refuses the request. He later
brings the file to Millie. On the other hand,
Guy's popularity has risen sharply, even popular
streamers in real life like Poki mane, Dan
TDM and Ninja are talking about him! Knowing
about that, Antwan gets pissed off and thinks
that Guy's presence in the game will hurt
the Free City 2's sales.
Mouser suggests to reboot the system, so that
Guy will get back to its default form. In
the game, Guy and Millie manage to access
the file, showing an island which proves that
Antwan really stole their code. Guy claims
that he has seen this island, but doesnt remember
when or where. The game then is successfully
rebooted before he can tell where he saw it
to Millie.
Millie manages to get back into the game after
the reboot, but Guy doesn't remember who she
is as he is already back to his default setting.
She asks Keys for help, and he tells her that
Guy is created to always be searching for
his dream girl, and he just needs something
to help trigger the code. Molotov Girl decides
to kiss Guy and it brings back all his memories,
including where he saw the island. It turns
out that the image of it is reflected off
the blinds in his apartment. Because of that,
Keys figures out that the island is just hidden
beyond the city's horizon. Guy and Millie
then gather all the NPCs in the game and tell
them that there is an island across the city
that allows them to move and act freely instead
of what they were coded to do. The speech
inspires all the NPCs and they start to move
at their own will.
With all the NPCs gone, the players are left
confused. Mouser then shows Antwan a recording
of Guy and Millie taking the secret file at
the safe house. Antwan then realizes that
Millie is involved and orders Mouser to kill
them and kick them out from the game. Mouser
uses his power as the game developer to destroy
Guy and Millie as Guy is driving them outside
the city. With the help of Keys, a ramp suddenly
pops out and they manage to escape. They arrive
at the beach, but Keys gets caught and fired
from the company. Before he leaves Antwan
room, Keys launches his last help to the pair.
He creates a bridge for them so that they
can cross the sea safely. On the other side,
Antwan orders Mouser to boot the game, which
disconnects Molotov Girl and all the players
from the game, but Keys secretly conducts
a live broadcasting of Guy to all Free City
players, so that they can still be able to
watch him despite being disconnected from
the game. Furthermore, Antwan also commands
his employees to deploy DUDE, a bigger, stronger,
but dumber version of Guy who is not fully
programmed, but it is the final weapon of
Antwan to get rid of Guy. Buddy arrives to
help while Guy gets tossed around by DUDE.
Before receiving the final blow, Guy manages
to pick up sunglasses and deploy a Captain
America's shield, which surprises Chris Evans
who is watching it live in a cafe. He also
manages to deploy a Hulk's fist, and a lightsaber.
However, Dude is too strong and keeps beating
Guy until he puts the glasses on Dude, who
now is able to see the world as Guy does and
starts dancing randomly.
Guy and Buddy then start running toward the
island. Antwan starts to lose it and brings
Mouser to the server room, where he plans
to destroy the server and delete the game
entirely. Mouser stops helping Antwan when
he figures out that Antwan was really stealing
the code from Keys, so Antwan begins to destroy
everything with an axe, causing the city environment
to be deleted, including the bridge. Unfortunately,
Buddy can't make it to the end and is deleted
from the game, but he tells Guy that he has
had the best day of his life because of Guy.
Guy runs and finally breaks through the barriers
and makes it to the island, which is then
revealed to all the NPCs and the players in
the real world.
Millie then confronts Antwan in the server
room and makes a deal with him. She will let
Antwan keep the Free City name for sequels
and spin-offs, but Antwan has to let her have
the original code of the game and stop destroying
the server. Soon, Free City 2 is launched,
but the sales slump because of numerous bugs
and lagging online play, resulting in Antwan
being kicked out from the company. On the
other side, Millie, Keys and Mouser develop
Free Life which brings all NPCs from Free
City to there. Millie then watches a recording
of Keys explaining that Guy's character is
always going to fall in love with Molotov
Girl because he created the algorithm based
on Keys own love to Millie. She realizes this
and decides to approach Keys and kiss him.
Back in the game, Guy and Dude finally become
friends and surprisingly Buddy is brought
back to life in the game and they reunite.
Thanks for watching.
Please LIKE and SUBSCRIBE, and clickthe
bell icon to get new movie recaps.